This video is a complete masterclass on Claude code and search engine optimization. We're going to be going over two strategies that I have used to earn over half a million dollars on the previous company I sold, generate 50,000 clicks every single month or 1,500 clicks every single day. Took me four to maybe six years to learn this kind of stuff, and we are going to be condensing it down into an hour-long video. Now, you don't need to know anything technical in order to set this whole thing up because Claude code is going to do all of the heavy lifting for you. Now, if you guys are unaware about what SEO is, it stands for search engine optimization, and it's the process of ranking your website as high up through Google as possible. So, let's say somebody types in Toronto plumbing company, you want to be as high up as possible so that you can turn that web visitor into a paying customer. And here is why it matters, because if you look at the if you look at the stats around it, 40% or four in every 10 people that search for a keyword like this will end up going to the first link on the page. Then you have 20% of people going to the second link on the page, and then so on and so forth, it goes down dramatically. Today we're going to be talking about how you can get as many pages to rank as high as possible in the most in the quickest time frame possible. Why it also matters is because if you deploy the wrong SEO strategy, you're only going to find out it's the wrong strategy maybe two, three, four years down the pipeline, and you probably don't want to waste that much time, right? So, today we're talking about four things. How you can find winning keywords. Not every keyword is created equal. You need to find the winners and rank for those. We're going to talk about how you can systematically easily do that. Then we're going to talk about on-page SEO and technical SEO. These are two sides of the same coin. On-page SEO is everything you write about your page. It's the stuff you write about, the structure, um and how you publish it, okay? Technical SEO is how your your site is built. It's things like load speed. It's things like core web vitals. It's all the technical stuff that you'd otherwise have to learn. Now, just to keep in mind, some websites, like if we go to this competitor up top here, Homestars, these guys probably have an entire division of people doing on-page SEO and technical SEO full-time [snorts] for their company. What they are doing every single day you could probably duplicate just with one person using Claude code, and I'm going to show you exactly how you can do that. And off-page SEO is essentially what the rest of the internet has to say about your business. It's also how much trust and authority Google places in you. Now, just before we move on to building out the website and going through it step by step, I want to cover AI SEO because this is blowing up absolutely everywhere right now. Everyone's talking about it. And here's my honest thoughts about it. AI SEO is essentially the same as SEO. If you rank well for SEO, then you're going to rank well for AI SEO. It's really just that simple, and here is why I think that's the case. Because if you were to ask Google, ChatGPT, Perplexity, or Claude a question, the first thing it's going to do is exactly what you would do before large language models were a thing. It would search for the answer on a and on like a search engine like Google, for example. It would pull out the listings, get the information back, and then serve it to you. So, as long as you can rank well for SEO, you should also rank well for AI SEO. Okay, cool. So, we're talking about two tactics today that generated me $500,000. The first one is blog posts at scale. The second one is creating service pages. If those aren't crystal clear to you, no worries. We're going to be getting into both of them extensively. The first thing is we actually have to create a website, okay? So, how we do that is through Claude code. Now, if you guys are unfamiliar with Claude code, no worries whatsoever. I'm going to give you a 10-second crash course here. Head over to the site antigravity.google and download the free desktop application. This is a coding workspace. Now, when I say coding workspace, it sounds technical, which technically it is, but you don't have to know a line of code. You don't need to know anything technical whatsoever for this to work. As long as you can copy and paste, you're going to be totally fine. Okay, so once we download this, you're going to arrive at a place like like a application like this, and in the extensions tab, you can search for Claude code and install it. Once you've got both of those set, then you're good to go, okay? The only thing we have to do to create our website is open a folder. Every time you have a Claude code project, it always lives within a folder on your computer. So, I'm going to go ahead and create a new folder. This is going to be called SEO brief. Okay? And this is an empty folder. We got our parent folder, okay? Nothing is in it so far. The only thing we have to do is add one file, and that's called the Claude.md file. In this file, this is like think about an analogy of you hiring an employee. You need to train them on what they need to do, how to behave, all the standard operating procedures. This is the same thing just for Claude to do his job properly. And this will also be in the description down below for free. I will have a link to my free school community, and in this page that I link you to, there will be this Claude.md web app file. Just grab this whole file and paste it in here, and that's essentially it. We are good to go. We have the building blocks on creating our website. Now, keep in mind, if you were to try and do this on WordPress or something like that, you'd be spending like a freaking long time setting up hosting and setting up your DNS records and all that kind of stuff and then actually editing your site. It could take like four or five hours to do what we've already done in essentially a couple seconds. From here, all we're going to do is we're going to open up Claude by hitting this icon and type in a prompt, and it's going to build the whole site out for us. Can you please build out a beautiful website for me with the following pages: a homepage, a index page for my blog posts, an index page for my service posts, and that's it. I'm going to attach a screenshot down below of the design I'm looking for. Please clone or copy that exact design when building out the website page. That's it. We're building three pages here. If you don't know what index pages are, no problem. We're going to talk about it after it's built, and we also need to attach a screenshot. So, typically speaking, when you build anything inside of Claude code, it's going to come out as AI slop unless you give a nice reference point, and that's where the site Dribbble comes in. It's free to use. You can type in something like plumbing website, click on the first link here, and then take a screenshot of this landing page right here. Oops. So, we'll take a screenshot. And inside Claude, in order to attach that, we hit the plus button down here, upload from our computer. We will connect that screenshot in, send it off, and it's going to build the whole site. All right, and it just finished up. We can take a look at the site by going over to the link right over here, localhost, okay? Usually there's a clickable link. Once you click that, it'll direct you to your browser, and you can see the whole page built out. Just very basic site. Looks pretty really beautiful actually on the first shot. This is an index, okay? A blog index is where you have a list of all the blog posts you wrote. So, if you have 10 blog posts, it would list 10 over here. If you have one like we do here, it's just going to list one. If you had 100, it would list 100, and so on and so forth. So, we've got the very bare bones of a website built out for us, which is great. There's one step that we need to do in order to make sure our website is optimized off the bat, and I don't want to spend too much time on this because this is something that's technical that I'm going to break down very simply, but it's really important to go over. There's three types of website builds anytime you're dealing with Claude code, okay? And this is just really important to be able to avoid right away. So, the first thing is is that you have something called static site generation, server-side rendering, and client-side rendering. You don't need to remember any of this. This is not super important past just like taking note of it, but we want something called static site generation. Let's think about it like ordering a pizza. You go into a restaurant and you ask for a slice of pizza. Static site generation means the pizza is already made. The person says, "Yeah, no problem. Here's your slice," and you're off in 10 seconds. Next one is you go in to order the pizza, and you have to wait for them to cook it, and that takes time. The third option is you have to make it yourself. You go in, you want pizza, you make it every yourself, you try and find where the flour is, it takes forever, sometimes you can't make it. So, the reason why this is important is because websites function the same way. Google crawls your website, and when they crawl your website, they will rank your website on Google, and that will determine how high up the search engines you actually go. So, this SEO all depends on your website being crawled by Google. If Google doesn't access your website or can't find it or if it's not complete, you're never going to get ranked anyways. You can spend 10 years on SEO, it doesn't matter. If you can't rank it, you're never going to get the results you want. And so, we need static site generation. When Google goes to the site, it finds the page instantly. With the other version, okay, it goes to the site, waits for the page to load and build, and takes time, and it's not optimized. The third option, it doesn't even give you the site back. It just gives you nothing, and that can can't really rank on Google whatsoever. So, we need to make sure that we have a static site generation, and by default with the Claude.md file that you're downloading below, it's going to tell um tell Claude code to build this out of static site generation, this is a requirement. Okay, cool. So, that's the only thing I want to point out right away. The next thing is we need to find keywords. If you recall, we had four different buckets. Finding keywords is the first chapter, okay? Not all keywords are created equal. If you go into Claude here and you ask it, "Give me 20 keywords for plumbing." It's going to give you its best guess at 20 keywords. If you were to follow this, you'd probably be screwed. Um you're probably not going to get the right keywords or at least the needles in a haystack that you otherwise would want to find the winning strategy to rank really fast to get results, to get clients, to get money, and all that kind of stuff. This is not going to be your best shot at doing this. What you need is a standalone SEO tool to get this done. I have used SEMrush for probably 4, 5 years now and you can get started on a free trial. Now, once you start on SEMrush, you'll go to SEO and the keyword magic tool, okay? What this does is it helps you find magically keywords. Okay, that was kind of a a dad joke, but we can just type in plumber here, okay? This is a root keyword, meaning that as long as it's going to give us back a bunch of variations of the same keyword with the word plumber in it. So, plumber, plumber near me, emergency plumber, so on and so forth. Now, here's why not every keyword is rated equally. Let's say you wanted to rank for plumber. That's awesome. There's probably 10 other million websites that also want to rank for the exact same keyword. And if we just type in plumbing on Google or plumber on Google, you're going to be competing with the world's biggest websites. Who's going to rank? Somebody who just started a website 10 seconds ago or HomeStars, which has been doing this for 10 years and has an entire SEO team doing everything? Is it going to be the person that starts first or is it going to be the person that, you know, runs Wikipedia, for example? You obviously know the answer to that question. So, we need to filter these uh results down. We typed in plumber, we got a million keywords, that's great, but we only need a couple thousand or a couple hundred to make this effective. First thing is is we want to choose a keyword difficulty of 30 or below. That means that the keyword by itself is not difficult to rank for. You'd have a shot at actually getting up the search engine rankings. Okay, so if you have something that's like a keyword difficulty of two out of 10, it's very easy to rank for, you posting a blog could literally get up all the way to potentially rank one, two, or three very quickly. I've had this happen multiple times. And the second thing is um the second thing is is that we also want to search for keywords that have at least a volume of 100. If something has like two people searching for it a month, we don't want to rank for that. And when we're going in through Claude, Claude doesn't even know how many search uh results these are picking up every single month. It doesn't know the keyword difficulty of these particular blog posts. And the last thing is is the intent of the blog of the uh the search, okay? Not all searches are equal. Some searches are for informational queries, some are for commercial queries. So, if I type in buy Nike shoes, people don't have intent to read a blog post about buying Nike shoes. They have the intent to purchase Nike shoes. That's why when you search Nike shoes, it has all of these e-commerce sites ready to sell you their products and services. Just like when you ask, "How much does a plumber cost?" It's not like listing out, you know, uh like plumbing equipment for you to buy because the the intent behind the keyword is slightly different. So, we need to rank for informational keywords. And now we've ranked we've gone down from million words to 600 6,000 words. Cool. So, we can now just go through this and find keywords that we'd actually want to rank for, actually create blog posts for. So, for example, plumbing installation is a good service keyword. Hydrojet Plumbing is probably another person's business. If I just search this up, yep. Uh Hydrojet Plumbing. No, okay. So, this is actually something that maybe is another service. Plumb Bob. This is probably a um this is probably something we don't want to rank for, okay? And so on and so forth. You get the point. We want to rank for keywords that are not people's businesses. They're not um people looking to start their own plumbing company. They're keywords that people are interested in that could potentially become a paying customer, okay? So, we want to be very intentional about that kind of stuff. So, other things, plumber fix shower, that's another one. Plumber plumbing drain, uh washing machine is another one. Zeke the Plumber, okay? If we just search this up, this is a plumbing icon, okay? So, this is exactly what you probably would not want to rank for, another person's plumbing company or whatever the case may be. So, once we found these keywords, we can add them into a keyword list that we can export to have Claude Code build out the pages for us. We'll send the keywords, click apply, and create a new empty list. I already have one. It's called plumbing keywords, and you can just add these right over there. We can see that I've added officially a couple more. So, those are just a few keywords. You'd want to go through and get a couple hundred to a couple thousand keywords that you can rank for. Sometimes it's not always easy to get winning keywords, okay? Depending on the niche that you're in. And here's a couple other ways you can do it. There's a questions tab right here that you can click, and these are great blog post ideas as well. How long does it take to become a plumber? This is somebody competing with you, so you probably would not want to rank for that, although you could if you wanted to. Um how much does a plumber cost? This is a great keyword because these are directly customers that are interested in hiring your service, so I'd select that. And so on and so forth. So, you can go down the list with questions as well. Once you're done, you can add them to your keyword list over here, okay? Last couple things are adjacent topics. I would find the same audience of people looking for plumbers just higher up the funnel. So, if we type in I don't know, funnel over here. Maybe, and I'm just going to go with some arbitrary funnel here, but maybe this is when people are ready to buy your service, but you should be having blog posts for all of the traffic above this before they're even ready to make that purchase with a plumber to actually get their attention, get their foot in the door, okay? And so, adjacent keywords could be best water softener 2026, tankless first tank water heater, signs you need a new water heater. All of these things can kind of um capture your prospects before their dogs in heat that want plumbing services immediately. This will help them come back to you later down the road. And then of course, you can find uh competitors on SEMrush, too. You can type in a competitor and see what keywords they're ranking for, take those keywords, apply it to your own campaign. Cool. So, now that we have the keywords, we can export these to Claude Code. Inside the keyword strategy builder, we have plumbing keywords. I'm going to enter into this, export as a CSV file. And once we export it, we can load it into Claude Code here. Cool. So, I have my keywords here. Let's drag this into antigravity, and I'm going to rename this as keywords. So, here's all the keywords that I have gotten so far. What we want to do is we want to turn each one of these keywords into an individual blog post. So, we want to start ranking for those particular keywords. So, now what we're going to do is essentially create our first blog post. Can you please create a blog post for me about plumber for low water pressure? That's the keyword that I want you to use, and I also want you to create a keyword cluster. That keyword cluster can either be from common keywords in the keywords.csv file or you can just make it up. Please add in images from Pexels, and my API key is in the .env file attached. Okay. Um awesome. So, there's a couple things going on here that uh we should be aware about. First of all, we have a keyword that we're creating a blog post for. We have something called keyword clusters, and then we also have images that we want to add into our uh blog posts. In order to get the images, we'll head over to Pexels, okay? This is an image library, just like this. We can grab plumbing images for our blog post for free that we can use royalty-free without getting into any trouble using their pictures. We'll type in Pexels API. We will hit this API route right over here. And how do I get an API key? First of all, you have to create an account, and then second of all, you have to request an API key. So, I will log in with my account here. And we can just select a project name, all this kind of stuff, generate the API key, and you'll get it immediately. Once you have that key, it'll look something like this. You paste that into the .env folder, okay? A .env folder is just where you store your password, secret keys, anything you wouldn't want anyone else to see, which is ironic because you can see mine right here. And it just the the naming convention goes whatever you want to call it equals, and then you paste the API key right over here. Now, we have access to grabbing photos, and I'll show you what keyword clusters mean after I generate this page. Okay, sweet. So, the blog post has been created and this is what it looks like. We have the images from Pexel. Okay, so it actually found plumbing images right off the bat. It generated the whole blog post and we've also included a keyword cluster. Let me explain again what keyword clusters are. So, traditionally inside SEO, instead of ranking just for one keyword, you want to rank for multiple different keywords on the same page. So, here's what it looks like. You might have a root keyword like how to unclog a drain. And that's great, you can rank for that. But you'd be losing a a lot of opportunities if you didn't rank for similar keywords as well. So, unclog kitchen sink, unclog bathroom sink, drain won't drain, slow drain sink, uh home remedy clogged drain, what dissolves hair in drain, all these kind of keywords you can add into that page. And so, what you can do is now we can make, you know, one blog post or 20 blog posts or 100 blog posts. They all have a root keyword, but you're also ranking for all these secondary and tertiary keywords as well. So, that um you have way more probability of surfacing on Google for multiple different keywords. Remember, on Google you're not just ranking for one keyword. Like a blog post could be ranking for 50 keywords. Be ranking for 100 keywords, a lot of which you might not even be aware of. But uh we want to maximize our opportunity by adding in a whole bunch of clusters. So, we've created the blog post, but I'm going to be real with you guys, this is crap. And if you just stop here, which most people do, you're never going to see the real results you want to see. And let me tell you why that is the case, okay? Let's read the first blog post or the first paragraph and then you'll understand why. In today's fast-paced world, maintaining a functional household is more important than ever and few things are as frustrating as blah blah blah blah blah. The point here is that it is so boring to read and nobody's going to sit through this guide and read this whole AI slop blog post. Plumbing articles are already incredibly boring. I don't know a single person that would enjoy a nice Saturday afternoon with coffee reading blog post articles on Google. Like that's just sounds absolutely horrific. Um and if you want uh web visitors to turn into paying customers, we need to make the blog posts way more exciting. How we do that is we need it to sound more like you. So, we need to train Claude on what you sound like, your voice, how you write, your tone, any stats your business has, real numbers, how many drains have you unclogged, how long you've been in business, your stories, if there's any anecdotes from, you know, past jobs or work you've done and you always tell other clients, you should have that inside Claude so that it remembers stories about you and your business and can inject those personal stories into your blog posts. Also same with opinions. And the most important thing is humor. You need to have, in my opinion, humor. You just need to have people that enjoy reading your blog post. So, here's AI slop and then here's what it looks like afterwards, okay? It's injecting all this kind of stuff, making it so much more enjoyable to read. So, that's what we have to add in next. So, for the next prompt, of course, we need to add in your personality. We need to add in your writing style. We need to add in everything, okay? So, how we do this is you need to track down references to transcripts, uh phone calls or videos or emails that you've written in Gmail or LinkedIn posts or whatever the case may be. Okay, so or just passages online that you like. So, I have these two LinkedIn posts here that I've generated, okay? And I'm just going to copy this. And inside of Claude code, I'm going to say, "Please um create a" and I already have this actually in my uh in my project here, but we have references. Where is it? Right there. Okay. And we have these files here on our humor. So, Claude understands what our humor is, what our opinions are, what our stats, stories, voice. And so, we need to update all of these files, okay, with our passages that we're going to add in here. And voice. Okay, cool. Please create a these files and update them. And I already have them, so please update all of these files from these LinkedIn posts. Awesome. So, we're going to pull it out now. And now it's going to understand how we talk, what our humor is, all of that kind of other stuff. Now, if you don't have anything like this, you can go to a reference like here, okay? I actually came across this uh back in the day when like when I was starting to create blog posts and this really worked well for me. I thought this writing style was hilarious. I've got 99 problems, I feel bad for you, son. I've got 99 problems, but humor ain't one. As I wrote those words, all I could think about was how embarrassed my 14-year-old son would be reading that. So, this is the kind of writing that I like because if I was to read a blog post on plumbing, if it was dry, if it was boring, if it was serious, all that kind of stuff, I would be gone immediately. Or I'd be on the page for the least amount of time humanly possible. If there's humor, if there's personality, I would enjoy it a lot more. So, we can find [snorts] a tone that we like and we can add this in here. Please add this as a humor reference. So, it's just finishing up here, but let's just take a look at the humor reference now and you'll be shocked by how good Claude is at picking up your exact style of humor. So, I put this in here. Said, "Plumbing is boring, your job is to make it more fun. Blog Every blog post should be funny, this isn't optional." So, the opening rule, if the first 50 words don't land at least one dad joke, which this whole freaking thing is a series of dad jokes, or a self-aware wink or a parenthetical side, rewrite them. We are not a brochure, we are a guy at the pub who has had one beer and is he's now explaining how the toilet works, which is literally, by the way, exactly the kind of humor that blends this and our and our industry together, okay? So, now we have all of these reference documents on how we can create enjoyable content for other people to actually read. The next thing that we have to do in order to revise this is one additional step. And what that step is is we need to steal from the search engine, okay? So, if I type in how much does a plumber cost? Chances are what we want to do, okay? Well, sorry, not chances are. What we definitively want to do is find the top three listing blog posts that are not like Reddit. Um so, this one and this one and this one. There is something about these three blog posts that allow them to rank very well on Google. It could be the page length, it could be the keywords, it could be um the images, it could be whatever. We want Claude to analyze the top three blog posts for the particular keyword, steal what works incredibly well, okay? And then take the average of all three, which is the winning formula, and generate our own blog post structure based on that. So, we're going to take the average word count of all of these and we're going to choose that as our word count. We're going to take the average um H2, which is heading two tags, and image uh images and all that kind of stuff. Okay, so that's what we're doing next. So, we're going to merge these into one step. And I actually have in here, and this whole thing, by the way, guys, is going to be down below for you guys to grab if you want to, but I have prompts and we can literally just copy this in. Cool. So, in this case, I'm actually just going to paste this in. Cool. And so, all this prompt is doing is we're getting it to rewrite the blog post using our humor, voice, opinion, stats, stories. We're making sure that before it writes anything, it's going to Google, finding the primary keyword, okay? It's analyzing what they're doing well and it's stealing at they're stealing the format, the length, what the topics are that they're covering, um and all of that kind of stuff. And we are all set. Let's take a look at the results here. I got the new version and the old version up. So, the old version is in today's fast-paced world, maintaining a functional household. In this comprehensive guide, we'll explore everything you need to know about low water pressure and when it's time to call a professional plumber. And in this one, we have the dad jokes on autopilot. Your toilet Your toilet has been hissing for longer than most celebrity marriages. It's 11:00 p.m., you're Googling plumbing running for running toilet instead of sleeping and you're starting to take the sound personally. Good news, you're probably not calling anyone tonight. Okay, so it makes it way more enjoyable to read. And this matters for a very distinct reason and I'm going to go super meta with this description. I don't see a lot of people kind of saying this, but this is um essentially the crux of SEO. So, in a nutshell, and I'm going to go back to my slideshow right over here, okay? Skip forward a couple slides. Um SEO is a black box. What do I mean by that? Nobody knows what ranks well on SEO definitively. Not Google employees, not SEMrush, not Ahrefs, not your friend down the street. Nobody knows except for the full algorithm. It's business's core business model. They don't release this kind of stuff. There's over 200 rumored ranking signals and we have a pretty good understanding of what those actually are. It's not like it's like totally unknown. Like most of it is pretty well known, but it's just not like concrete. We don't know the percentages. So, for example, the quality, depth, and um the dwell time, how long people stay on your page, what the bounce rate is, scroll depth, click-through rate, all of this kind of stuff. So, there's hundreds of signals, okay? And so, how you rank well on Google, if we just like cuz obviously like if you rank for 200 signals, it just gets overwhelming and you don't know what to do. I'm going to make this dead simple for anyone watching this. How Here's how I win on Google, okay? Reverse engineer what Google wants. They want to make money, okay? All they really want, at least in the most part, is these sponsored results right here. What does this do? This makes them money. If you click this link, I just cost this guy literally $10 right there. Feel bad actually now for AtlasCare, but if I click on this guy, I also costed Root Brothers dossier about $10 there. I also feel bad for doing that as well. But anyways, my point being is that I just paid Google $20, okay? I'm a loyal Google customer. And uh essentially, they want to serve more ads, okay? So, how do they serve more ads? They provide high-quality content to their viewers so that those people come back over and over and over again, okay? So, the more high-quality content they can serve, the more people like and trust Google and the experience and they go back there again and again and again. Ads need attention, okay? So, Google will essentially, you know, Google will essentially serve the best content to bring people back again to serve them ads to make more money. If you serve good, high-quality content, then people are going to come back over and over again. So, all of these algorithms and metrics are really important, but the number one key is just content. If you can create good content, then you're going to do very well. Okay, so that's essentially it for the for this portion. The next portion before we move on to things like, for example, technical SEO and also on-page SEO and also off-page SEO is we need to talk about the second tactic here because we built blog posts, okay? And we're also going to talk about how this scales. We also need to build service pages as well. That's the second tactic. So, the question becomes, well, what is a service page and why does it matter? So, a service page is kind of like the homepage here, okay? You create multiple different pages for money keywords that people search in to buy your products or your services. So, if I type in plumbing Toronto, I'm not looking for a blog post, I'm looking directly to hire somebody. So, these are money keywords where if I clicked on here, I'd likely become a customer. If I clicked on here, I'd likely become a customer. If I type in things like how does a toilet get unclogged or whatever, I'm not looking to buy. This, I'm looking to buy. You create service pages where there's demand, okay? And so, the distinction between the two is that blog posts are going to give you topical authority, telling Google, "Hey, I'm a I'm a I have authority in the plumbing space." You are going to do you're going to pass on link equity to different service pages and all that kind of stuff. Um and we're going to talk about this later, but essentially, you're building brand authority, you're telling Google that you're active and you're trusted, okay? Why this matters, in my opinion, is because you raise the tide. And with the raising tide, all boats are lifted. These boats are your money keywords. These are the service pages people actually fill out to become paying customers. So, with the blog posts, your whole domain authority, okay, or the trust in your in your site goes up, okay? And with that trust going up, all of your other blog post or all of your other service pages go higher through the search engine rankings so that more people are going to click it. And again, if we go back to this graph, the higher up you go, the more clicks you get, the more money you make, okay? So, that's the correlation between the two, in my opinion. And on these service pages, the goal is just to get people to fill out the form so that you can call them, close the deal, and make money. So, we have to talk about how to create these service pages. I think about it like a zipper, okay? You have two sides of the zipper. You have the service and you have the city. So, if you're in plumbing, what services do you actually provide? Well, you might provide emergency plumber, drain cleaning, hot water repair, leak detector. On the other side, you might be in Vancouver, Toronto, Montreal, and Edmonton. So, how does the zipper work? Well, you just kind of just tie them together. You create a page for emergency plumbing Vancouver, emergency plumber Toronto, emergency plumber Montreal, emergency plumber Edmonton, and then you go down drain cleaning Vancouver, drain cleaning uh Toronto, drain cleaning Montreal, drain cleaning Edmonton. You zip them together into a service page that you serve online, which ranks, you have people inquire about those keywords, and then you make money, okay? So, that's essentially it. You have all these different service pages ranking. You got to be careful and prudent with this. You don't want to have a thousand of these service pages. You want to be tasteful. There's no objective metric where it's like 52.7 is the cap. Um but I I certainly would not have thousands and I probably wouldn't even have like multiple hundreds. I'd I'd just be very careful with this because when you're doing service pages, it's not like blog pages where blog pages cover multiple depths. Like every blog post will be very different. With service pages, the content is very similar, so you don't want to have as many as possible because that could be a negative indicator to Google to not show your content. So, just uh you know, you want to have service pages, just don't go crazy with it. Okay, cool. So, we need to actually create these service pages. So, if we go back to CloudCode, the next prompt is that we want to uh build out these service pages. Actually, before we do that, we need to actually find where these service pages are. You obviously are probably going to know a lot of the service page keywords that you can you can, you know, tie together and you can put in the cities. And even if it's not cities, you can do municipalities. So, in your city, there might be like 10 municipalities that you rank for if you're just in one geographical location. But um inside SEMrush, what we can do is we can go back to the keyword magic tool over here, type in the root keyword plumbing. Okay. And we can sort by cost per click. Cost per click means how much money are people spending every single time you click, okay? This is a bit overexaggerated. This is just bad data. There's no way it's $700 per cost per click, but usually it's between 3 and $20 is is typically what it is. But these are money keywords. These are what people advertisers are paying. These are what your competitors are paying for. So, these are the keywords you probably want to rank for. So, if we just like go through these, you can just take a look. Plumber West Chase. I'm assuming West Chase and Tiburon are locations. Baxley, probably too. Arnold, MD. Baldwin Park, CA. Westmont. And so, you can see clear money keyword trends. It's service, city. Service, city. Service, city. City, service. And so, those are the keywords that you want to rank your service pages for where people are searching. Like honestly, if you had a customer and they're looking for your service, the first thing they'd do, if they didn't know plumbers with the is they'd type in plumber or plumbing Toronto, they'd call the first five different people here, okay? And so, whatever your customers are searching up, that's what you want to grab. We can go ahead and grab a bunch of these, okay? I'm just going to grab this one. We're going to apply this to a new keyword called service pages, okay? And then we can head over to this service page list and we can export all of the keywords as CSV files. As a CSV file. Awesome. And then, of course, we can drag that CSV file in to Anti-Gravity down here. I'm going to call this service keywords. And we're going to do the exact same thing like we did before, just only this time for service pages. I'm going to type this in. I want to build out a page with the primary keyword from this. This is a landing page specifically for city and service. The landing page should look pretty much the same as the homepage, okay? So, I'm just going to choose a keyword here and that's going to be this guy right and send it. Now, there's one thing that's kind of like in between the lines that I said there, which is the landing page should look the same as the homepage. Let me explain what I mean by that. You don't have to do that. That's just how I typically do it. So, what's worked tremendously well for me is, of course, you want SEO where you rank up through the search engine, right? That's just a good practice. You want to get as high up as possible. But your business is a funnel. Just because somebody gets to your landing page, doesn't mean they're going to fill out the form. And just because they fill out the form and the the landing page become a lead, doesn't mean that you're going to close the deal, okay? So, what So, there's multiple stages and you have to isolate every stage and improve it so that you get the maximum amount of people going to your website. And then once they're on the website, the maximum amount of people converting to a lead and then the maximum amount of leads converting into paying customers. And so, one thing that I did is I ran Google Ads, okay? And I tested my landing pages. I had like five or 10 variations. I tested which one performed the best. I got the best performing landing page to be a 20% conversion rate, meaning one in every five people that went to my website converted into a paying customer. So, you want to find the winning formula and then use that winning formula on every single one of your service pages so that you get a lot of people, okay, going to your page through SEO and a lot of people on your page actually converting into leads. So, the page has been generated and here we go. We have a service page via our home page, service page, home page. Difference is is that we're ranking for a particular keyword. So now when somebody searches this in to oops this into Google ideally this page would surface and we would have people clicking on it. If you're brand new site this would be very hard to do but blog posts will help you rise to the rankings and also good on page SEO and technical SEO pardon me will get you there too which brings us to the next section which is on page SEO. Now here's the deal with on page SEO. We're going to talk in a way where you don't need to know any of this kind of stuff. You just need this checklist. You import the checklist in a cloud code. You get the results. That's it. That's where we're keeping it. I There's no way in this video I can cover all this kind of stuff because this would take like 6 to 12 hours to go through everything. There are companies out there especially the ones high up on Google that have entire teams. Like their whole business model is on page SEO and technical SEO and off page SEO and that's all they do and they get leads and they sell those leads to other people. That's why it's so hard to compete with them but you don't necessarily like now with cloud code you're on an even level playing field where you can build sites that are technically optimized that will get you up through the rankings because all you need to do is just literally copy this whole thing. And so that's what we're going to do. We're just and this will be down below for free for you guys to copy but all we're doing is just copying and letting cloud do the heavy lifting. Just a couple things. We need to make sure that we have I don't know. Like for example external links. This is good for SEO. Internal links to uh our other blog posts. We need to make sure we have primary keywords in the first 100 years. We need to make sure every blog post has four to eight questions that we have to ask. We need to have exactly one H one like a header one. There's multiple headings in a blog post. You can have H1, H2, H3 and so on and so forth. And so there's 80 plus signals here. Okay? So many signals it's very hard to There's just no way that we could go through it all and if you wanted to do this manually you this would be more than a full time job. Probably require teams of people. Luckily we can get this done incredibly quickly. So that's going to be down below in the description. The prompt's also going to be down below but essentially what we're doing here is we're pasting in that whole thing. Okay? And then we're just saying um we're saying this. Can you please upload the blog posts or update the blog post with the on page SEO checklist item from this. We also need to add in uh we also we also need to add all the following items but still maintain the voice and style of the blog post. So what I mean by that is we don't want to revert this blog post into some dry boring crappy uh post. We want to maintain the humor. We want it to still be something enjoyable, right? There's a fine balance between optimizing for SEO but also content is king ultimately. Like if people don't enjoy the blog posts and they bounce right away you're never going to get through the search engine. You're never going to go up through the search engine. So it's a balance between the two states being funny, enjoyable to read and also heading all the SEO markers. Okay. So the page is up and we can cross reference just a couple of these so you guys can see. First of all it's added in two to three external links and internal links as well. So if we were to look at this, okay? It's referring to other pages on our website. We look at this same kind of deal. It's referring to something else. We look at this it's actually Claude is actually going out. It's finding relevant uh blog posts and then it's incorporating those as links onto our page. Okay? So we hit five and three to five internal links, two to three external links. Okay? We also have the primary keyword being used in the first 100 words. If we go back up we have running toilet over here and plumber for running toilet right over there as well. So it's done both of those and then we also have um the meta title and description created. So if we were to look at a meta title and description. If I type in how much does a plumber cost, okay? This blue text here is the meta title. This gray text here is the meta description. Nowhere on our page do we actually code like do we write that visibly? It's invisible on the page. You can't actually see it. How you do see it is hitting the three dots, going to more tools and developer tools and then uh we on the element tab we should be able to see it somewhere here. Now um >> [clears throat] >> I'm going to search for this OG. Cool. So right here. We got the meta title. So this is essentially if we were to just recreate this this is what it would look like if we ranked our site. We'd have plumber for running toilet, okay? And then we'd have the description if I can find that. Yep. Here it is. And then we'd also have the description right over here. So if we were to paste this in >> [sighs] >> uh in the span it would look something like that. Cool. So this is what our page would look like. Plumber for a running toilet fix or call. Running toilet won't stop and nine out of 10 times it's a $20 flapper you can swap in 30 minutes. However, here's how to tell and how to fix it and all that kind of stuff. Okay, cool. So we have gone through and we have optimized our page with over 80 plus items while also still maintaining the integrity of the page like the the humor and all of that kind of stuff. Again, this is something that you would have had to hire somebody for or a team of people to do full time that now Claude is doing in a matter of just a couple minutes. Cool. So you're going to want to do this for both the blog posts as well as the service pages. You should be doing this on every single page. Now that we've covered the on page SEO now let's talk about the technical SEO. Technically this is still on page. Like you're still we're still doing stuff on page but it's a lot more technical. This is where you would previously actually need coding experience to run this. So there's three steps. We need to add something called a site map. This is how Google knows what pages you have and knows how to add it into the search engine. This is how you actually get things on Google. If Google doesn't know your page exists then no matter what you do with on page or whatever um you're never going to get ranked. So that's critical. Next thing robots.txt. This is just telling Google what pages are is it allowed to scrape and what pages is it not allowed to scrape. Typically speaking you want it to scrape everything except for if you have like an admin login. You don't want to like rank your ability to log into your dashboard and change and edit posts. That's just something you'd want to avoid. There might be other things you want to avoid as well and so anything you don't want to rank you just add to this robots.txt. The most important one though or I guess may well very important one is the Google lighthouse um that we have to optimize for. So Google has a product called lighthouse and it gives you a performance report on your site. It scans the whole thing. It scores your website on four indicators SEO, accessibility, best practices and speed and we need to get this to be like 100 out of 100 every single time we run this. So how we do this is we hit three dots, go to more tools, head over to developer tools and you see these two arrows? We click that, go to lighthouse and now we can analyze our page load. Cool. And so here's the results that we got back. We have SEO 92 out of 100, best practices 100 out of 100, accessibility 96 out of 100 and performance 53 out of 100. This is not good. This means the page loads slow. There's performance issues and Google will look at that and be like, "Yeah, we're going to rank this person less because of that and because of the SEO." And so if you wanted to pardon me fix this in the good old days before large language models you'd have to understand or learn what render blocking requests are, what legacy JavaScript is, what LCP request discovery is, what network dependency trees are, what reduce JavaScript execution time is and all this other kind of stuff. Now chances are you probably don't want to do any of that. Let me show you how Claude Code can solve this very quickly. First thing is you need to open up all of these tabs so that you see everything that actually goes into it. And we also need to do this for SEO too. Okay? We're going to open up whatever is wrong here and then we're going to open up whatever is wrong here as well. Cool. So there's a couple issues with this and we got this one too. All we have to do to get this score to 100% so that Google's really happy with us is we just copy this whole report and then we head back to um Claude and then we just paste this whole report in and we say um here's my lighthouse report. Can you please optimize it so that I have a 100% score across all areas performance, accessibility, best practices, SEO. Can you also generate the robot.txt file and the sitemap.xml file? Beautiful. The site's been completed. Let's take a look. First of all let's go over to the sitemap.xml. God it screams sounds like I'm screaming at Google right now. We can see all of the different pages that have been created. This will be submitted to Google. Google will now um rank or index all of these pages in Google so that you can officially rank up the process. Unless Google knows what your what your pages are and that they exist it's just not going to do that. We're going to talk about how you can submit this later on. And then we also have robots.txt and this is what we're giving permission to Google to scrape. They're going to have crawlers that go across every page and grab all the information and index it properly. And so this is what we're doing and yeah, we're allowing it to scrape the entire website. Now, let's take a look at the new page here and the report based on the changes that we made. So again, we're going to hit the three dots, more tools, developer tools. We're going to head over to Lighthouse, hit the two arrows over there if you don't see it. We're going to analyze the page load speed again. This time it should be substantially better. Okay, good. So 100% 100% 100% and 96%. If you don't get to 100%, no problem. You just go back to the drawing board and say, "Hey, you know, we didn't get to 100%. Here's the reasons why." You paste in everything over again and it will solve it. It it'll just go back and you you can just go back and forth with it until it's completely solved. And so that's really technical SEO broken down. Something that again, you'd have to hire a full team of people to do. Um would be very technical, very costly to do. You can now get Cloud Code, do it pretty much instantly. Okay, cool. Let's move on to the next step here, which is tying it all together with something called a Cloud Code skill. Right now, we've built out a service page, we've built out a blog post and that's fantastic, but it's taken us a lot of time to actually do this. So what we want to do is we want to bottle or package up everything we built so that we can literally just type in blog and from this one keyword alone, okay, or service or whatever, we can actually generate an entire blog post that does everything that we just we just did. It's it's optimized for on-page SEO, technical SEO. It'll grab a keyword, form the keyword clusters, do the market research about what's ranking well. It will write according to your own style, all of that kind of stuff. And so that's where the skill comes into play. Can you please create a skill for me called blog. I'm just writing that in. Where we automatically generate blog posts with all of the details that we just covered in this conversation. We need to grab a keyword from keywords.csv. Then we need to create a keyword cluster. We need to publish that blog post and pull in pictures from Pexel. We need to also add in our writing style, voice, tone, humor. We need to then optimize it for on-page SEO. And for the technical SEO, we need to make sure that we use the same standard template every single time. We've already optimized the technical SEO. I want you to reuse the same page structure for every future blog post. Cool. I'm just going to change the spelling mistakes, fire it off, and now we have it done. So it's been completed and now when we type into a new chat, you'll just need to refresh the chat for the effects to take take hold. Now we can type in blog and literally just send that off. Oops, for whatever reason I got error there. We'll send that off and now this is just going to go through that whole process. You could set this up to run automatically at 9:00 a.m. in the morning and it's going to search the keywords, make sure that we don't reuse the same keyword that we've already used, and then it's just going to go through the whole process of building this out. This is how you can make multiple blog posts exceptionally fast. Imagine you as one person with this skill versus a whole team of 20 people. Who do you think's going to go faster? You with Cloud Code running 24/7 or that team? Obviously you with Cloud Code is going to outbeat like an entire team. But there is one caveat here. You don't want to just throw off like a thousand blog posts simultaneously because Google is going to pick up on the spike in volume. You need to take it slow. You need to go at a normal cadence. Day one, post once. Day two, post once again. Day three, maybe twice. Day five, three times. Day eight, four times. And I would keep it reasonable. You shouldn't ever be probably posting like a thousand blog posts a day. That's an easy way for you to get banned on Google. So you have to be reasonable about it. It's all about it's all about playing the slow well, it's not slow, but it's it's exceptionally fast, but you got to be mindful with that. Okay, so now we've created a Cloud skill. You can do the same thing for service pages as well. The next thing is is we're going to talk about off-page SEO. And this is just going to be purely theoretical. We're not going to go over this in great depth here because if I'm being honest with you, I do not do this. I have done this in the past. It used to work really well in 2015 or sorry, not 2015, like 2018, 2019, 2020, but Google always updates their algorithm and every algorithm update, usually the people that get screwed are the people that do off-page SEO. Off-page SEO can work and it can help you rank, but equally so, I've seen so many people have their businesses devastated by off-page SEO that I just decided I'm not like a full-blown expert in this. I'm not going to even try. Now you can go to sites like Upwork.com and you can hire the top 1% of backlinkers and that's exactly what I tried to do. Funny enough, I quizzed them. I said, "Hey, give me a website that you did off-page backlinking for. Tell me the start date and the end date." And between when they started and when they ended, literally it was like a a line that just went down. It was just the the performance tanked. So even people that say they know what they're doing often don't know what they're doing, okay? And what typically happens is you have people that will say, "I'll get you 100 backlinks for $5. I'll get you whatever." Um this is the trap. This kills websites instantly because what they do is PBNs. And I actually don't know what PBN stands for. Um uh backlinking, let's just see. Okay, it's private blog networks. So what this is is they're link farms. There's somebody out there that has like 10,000 websites and then you submit your link for a price or your site for a price and then they have 10,000 websites linking to you. Sounds great. Problem is is that Google is smart enough to detect these immediately and once you get entered into the system, then you're going to get screwed and it's going to be possibly impossible to remove it and it will permanently damage your site. You might get blacklisted entirely from Google or you're going to be spending a long time trying to repair it. And so most cheap SEO experts are going to do something similar to this and even if they don't do exactly something black hat that will get you banned immediately, they're going to do something that very likely will get you banned in three years from now. It might be good today. Three years from now, you're going to sit back and you're going to be like, "I paid that mother effort like freaking like $5,000 and they screwed my website and now I have to like start again or whatever." So I'd be very careful. Let me tell you four legit ways that you can do this. Number one is broken backlink swapping. So again, you use something like SEMrush or SEMrush. We're going to go over this really quick. You do a site audit of a player like Homestars.com. It will give you all their backlinks. You can find broken links. Broken links meaning that somewhere on their page they have a link to an external site and that doesn't work anymore, okay? It links somewhere. It doesn't work. It gets a 404 error. Doesn't find the page. Maybe the website went under. Maybe the business went under. They deleted the page. Whatever the case may be. They updated the URL. Doesn't matter. Doesn't exist anymore. You can reach out to them, okay? And you can be like, "Hey, I saw that this link is broken. I have another page that covers the exact same material. You can Cloud to build the page. Do you want to swap my link out for their link, okay?" Takes quite a bit time and and there's no guarantee that they'll say yes. Next one is guest posting. So if we go into Google, okay, and we type in plumbing plus write for us, okay? You want to have the quotations here to get the exact match. There's a lot of companies out there that will ask you to write blog posts for them. Why that matters is because they get the credit of having an additional blog post. Now all of a sudden everyone can write for them, but you also have a link back to your site. And that link is called a backlink. A backlink is an external website that's not your website, okay? Could be YouTube, could be Facebook, could be Instagram, it could be somebody else's website, any online resource that has a link to your site, okay? So if we take a look, if this link was to go to your site, that is technically a backlink. So you can write for them and then put a link back to your page. So that's guest posting. Another one is called Hero Journalism. So essentially, there's journalists out there that will ask questions. They'll submit a query. They'll be like, "How can you best unclog a toilet? All of our readership needs to know this question. We haven't found a solution for it yet." And then you being the expert plumber you are, come along and say, "Well, actually, I can help solve that question on how exactly you should unplug your toilet." You give them the answer. They're like, "Wow, that's so insightful on how to unplug a toilet. I just never thought in a million years I'd ever understand how to unplug a toilet as well as that." I'm being >> [laughter] >> I'm being facetious, but you get the point. So, you they submit a question, you answer it, and then they give you a backlink onto your page. And then the last thing is paid quality backlinks. So, there's a ton of sites out there, and I could get this wrong, but I'm pretty sure sites like TechCrunch or like Forbes or whatever, it's a pay-to-play model. And I could be wrong with these two, but there's a lot of sites out there that do this. Where you pay them 100 bucks, 1,000 bucks, 500, 10 bucks, or whatever, and they will make a blog post, or they will include a link at the very least back to your particular website. So, you're paying for reputable reputable domains to link back to you. Why these links matter is because there's link juice. When somebody links from them to you, that passes authority to you, that passes trust to you, that passes um you know, good markers to you. Google picks up on that, and you go up through the ranks. This is not something that I um think is required to be able to succeed. I honestly think the best thing to do is just find the golden nugget keywords, the needles in a haystack, the ones we've already gone over, and just rank there. But I want to include this to be as comprehensive as possible. Okay, cool. So, the last thing is that we need to deploy the site, and then once it's deployed, then we have to do these four steps. So, let's get into it right now. Right currently, our website is on a local host server. That means that nobody else in the world can access it, only us. What that really means is that we have all these static files and folders here that render this particular project. How we deploy it for free is using two tools. One is called Vercel, and one is called GitHub. GitHub is the first stop. It is kind of like Google Drive for code. You upload your code, and then, you know, you have access to it online. What you want to do is hit uh create a new repo, okay? And we can just walk through this together. I'm going to call this SEO um brief. You probably want this to be private, so nobody else has access to it, and you create the repository. All you have to do is copy this code right here, okay, by hitting the copy button, and I felt it was necessary to highlight that. I don't know why. Um and then come back into Cloud Code and say, "Please upload my whole project here." Okay, cool. So, you upload it here, okay? And then, I've already done this, so I'm not going to go through the whole process of this again, but in a nutshell, you will have your whole project here. Then you head over to Vercel, okay? And you will create a free account, add a new project. You will need to combine or connect um GitHub into Vercel. Once you've done that, you can import your project, and then deploy it in 60 seconds by clicking this button here. The only thing is, you have to make sure the application preset is set set to Next.js for this to work. And once you've done that, then you will have your site live, ready to go. You can open it from this link here, and if you want to add in your own domain, you can uh easily do that as well with the domain tab. You can buy it straight through Vercel for a cost. You can import it from sites like Namecheap, for example, um where you can buy external sites very cheap. Cool. So, that's essentially it. Once you have gone ahead and you've exported your site, then you can do the four remaining steps. Number one is you should have a free Google My Business listing online. This is probably the lowest-hanging fruit that anyone can do in 2026 to get uh clicks online. So, you go to Google My Business, and this provides you with a business listing for free to help you stand out, okay? So, if you type in Toronto plumber, all these links right here, these are Google My Business listings, okay? A lot of people click this. They go to your website, give you a call, you name it. And so, this is an very easy way to get thousands of clicks every single month, I believe. I could be wrong, but I think that's what it is. Google Search Console is the next thing, and this will help you track all of your search. And on top of that, um you can also upload your DN you can upload your site map to it. So, how you do this is once you have your Vercel website, you would copy the URL right over here. So, it'd be this one, and then we paste it into URL prefix here. And it looks like it's giving me an error because I don't have the full URL. So, we need to grab this link, copy link address, paste it back in here. Then you can add that URL into the prefix over here, click continue, and essentially, the Google Search Console is going to ask for you to verify that you actually own the site. The easiest way to do this is the HTML tag, so we can copy this link over here, paste it directly into Cloud Code, and I'm just going to say, "Please add this meta tag to the website for the Google Search Console verification, and then deploy this live to GitHub and then to Vercel." Awesome. And it looks like there is a spelling mistake there, so I'm just going to send it off. Now, this will push the whole site live, and once that's been completed, we should be able to verify the site, and then get access to the Google Search Console. Once inside, in the sitemap section, you can just type in your uh sitemap URL, which should be sitemap.xml, submit it, and now every single page of yours is going to be tracked inside Google. Another really cool trick is that inside the search bar, you can just type in a page that you just deployed. Let's say, I don't know, I'm just going to call this version five for now. But let's say you just created this page, you could enter it into the bar up top here, and then you can request indexing. And this is how you could get a page live on Google within one day of you creating it. Usually, it takes a long time for this to happen, sometimes weeks, even months. This will allow you to do it in a matter of a day. You can't do this in un in Oh my gosh, I can't say that properly. An unlimited amount of times. Usually, you get restricted to like 10 requests every single day. You can request it, then it'll be indexed. Next thing is, you probably want Google Analytics set up, so that you can track visitors' behavior. And the last thing is is you want to probably test your landing pages to see what converts the best, and then find the winning formula, and then use that for all of your existing pages. Just remember, don't dump 1,000 pages onto your website immediately. That will not bode well for you. And that's essentially it for this video, guys. I hope you found value in this video. Uh if you did, make sure to hit that subscribe button and like button down below. Got a free community with all the resources in there. And I also have a paid community where there are two transformations. The first one is the fact that if you're looking to become a freelancer or create your own AI automation business, I'll show you how you can find, close, and fulfill your first deal within 30 days or less. Hundreds of people have made it work. These people uh a lot of them don't have uh background in freelancing or running a business, and I'll walk you through every single step you need in order to get up and running. Like we will go through tailored step by step Ever Oh my gosh, that scared the hell out of me. Um but every single step to uh to to get you to your first client. Then the second transformation is how you can automate for business owners, how you can automate up to 80% of your existing business. I'll give you the exact blueprints that allowed me to scale to eight uh to seven figures. You can copy and paste them into your business to hopefully achieve very similar results. The thing is is that obviously, there's bumps along the way. It's not a linear line. You have highs, lows, and all that kind of stuff. And so, when you do encounter trouble, you can always jump on seven live calls every single week and get uh feedback. We can talk one-to-one. Uh sorry, we can talk in a a group call, and and I can help you along the way. And also, if you do have a business and you just don't have time to implement these solutions yourself, you can take a look at my agency, where we can jump on a free 30-minute call and show you exactly how you can use AI to make your business more profitable. So, thanks, guys, for watching, and I'll see you in the next one.